                       Software License Agreement

1. Introduction and Acceptance.  This Software License Agreement is a
legal agreement between you (either an individual or an entity) and
Likewise Software regarding the use of the Likewise software v6.1
accompanying this Agreement, which includes user documentation
provided in "online" or electronic form (together, the "Software").
BEFORE YOU CLICK ON THE "I ACCEPT AND AGREE" BUTTON AT THE END OF THIS
DOCUMENT, CAREFULLY READ THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  BY CLICKING ON
THE "I ACCEPT AND AGREE" BUTTON, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY AND ARE
BECOMING A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF
THIS AGREEMENT, CLICK THE "I DECLINE" BUTTON AND THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT
BE INSTALLED.  IF YOU DO NOT INSTALL THIS SOFTWARE, PLEASE DESTROY OR
DELETE ALL COPIES IN YOUR POSSESSION.

2. License to Install and Use the Software.  Subject to the restrictions
set forth in this Agreement, Likewise hereby grants to you a
non-exclusive copyright license to install and use the number of
instances of the Software (in object code format) for which you have
been granted a license by Likewise (see Section 3).  An instance of the
Software is "in use" on a computer (or virtual computer or virtual
machine) when it is loaded into the temporary memory (i.e., RAM) or
installed into the permanent memory (e.g., hard disk, CD-ROM, or other
storage device) used by that computer (or virtual computer or virtual
machine).  The use of multiple instances of the Software on a single
computer requires multiple licenses.

3. Number of Licenses. You are granted a license to install and use one
instance of Likewise software v6.1 on either a physical or virtual
machine, comprising of the Linux/UNIX/Mac side Likewise Software
agent, the Linux/UNIX/Mac side Likewise Software graphical tools, the
Windows side Likewise Enterprise MMC snap-in extensions and the Windows
side Likewise Enterprise Management Console for 30 days from the date of
installation.  If you wish to use the Software after the 30-day period,
you must purchase a commercial license for each instance installed
during the trial period, plus licenses for additional instances.  Please
email Likewise at sales@likewise.com to purchase licenses and
you will be granted licenses for the number of instances of the
Linux/UNIX/Mac agent specified by your Likewise sales order and Likewise
license key.

4. Prohibited Users.  Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by you and
Likewise, you may not install, use, or access the Software (including
related documentation) if you are (a) an entity or individual that
markets, distributes, or provides server management, configuration, or
Windows-Linux/UNIX/Mac interoperability software or services or (b) an
entity or individual that will access or use the Software (including
related documentation) on behalf of an entity or individual that
markets, distributes, or provides server management, configuration, or
Windows/Linux interoperability software or services.  The license in
Section 2 is void if you are in violation of this Section 4.

5. Special Provisions Regarding Open Source and Third Party Software.
The Software may contain or be distributed with third party software
covered by an open source software license ("Open Source Software") or
other third party software ("Third Party Software") which may be covered
by a different license.  If Open Source Software is included the terms
and conditions of this license do not apply to the Open Source Software.
If Third Party Software is included the terms and conditions of this
license may not apply to Third Party Software.  Information concerning
the inclusion of the Open Source Software and Third Party Software, if
any, and the notices, license terms, and disclaimers applicable to that
software is contained in the Licenses.txt file provided with the
Software.

6. License Restrictions.  YOU MAY NOT RENT, LEASE, SUBLICENSE, SELL,
ASSIGN, LOAN, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SOFTWARE OR ANY OF YOUR RIGHTS
AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.  You may not remove or destroy any
copyright notices or other proprietary markings.  You may not modify or
adapt the Software, merge the Software into another program, or create
derivative works based on the Software.  You may not use, copy, or
distribute the Software without Likewise's authorization, except that
you may make one copy of the Software for archival or back-up purposes
only.  You may use, copy, and distribute user documentation provided in
"online" or electronic form within your private organization solely to
support your authorized use of the Software, but you are not authorized
to publicly display or transmit the documentation or use the
documentation for any other purpose.

7. Ownership.  The license granted to you in Section 2 is not a transfer
or sale of Likewise's or its suppliers' ownership rights in or to the
Software.  Except for the license granted in Section 2, Likewise and its
suppliers retain all right, title and interest (including all
intellectual property rights) in and to the Software.  The Software is
protected by applicable intellectual property laws, including United
States copyright laws and international treaties.

8. Customer Reference.  You hereby grant Likewise the right to use your
organization's name or your corporate logo or both in connection with
Likewise' promotional materials and website solely to identify you as a
customer of Likewise. If, at any time, you do not wish for Likewise to
use your trade name or corporate logo in such a manner, you may notify
Likewise at reference@likewise.com.

9. Confidentiality.  In order to protect the trade secrets and
proprietary know-how contained in Software, you will not decompile,
disassemble, or reverse engineer the Software.  If you are participating
in the Trial Program, you will maintain the confidentiality of and not
disclose to any third party: (a) all non-public information disclosed by
Likewise to you regarding Trial Versions of the Software or the Trial
Program, and (b) all Feedback, Software performance data, and all other
information obtained through evaluation of the Software as part of the
Trial Program.

10. Termination.  This Agreement will be effective upon installation of
the Software and will terminate upon the earlier of: (a) your failure to
comply with any term of this Agreement; (b) return, destruction, or
deletion of all instances and copies of the Software in your possession;
or, (c) if you are using a Trial Version of the Software, upon
completion of the Trial Program as specified by Likewise.  Likewise'
rights and your obligations will survive the termination of this
Agreement.  Upon termination of this Agreement by Likewise, you will
certify in writing to Likewise that all instances and copies of the
Software, or any portion thereof, have either been returned to Likewise
or otherwise destroyed or deleted from any of your computers or storage
devices.

11. Limited Warranty

  (a) "No Questions Asked" Warranty for Commercial Versions.  You may
return a Commercial Version of the Software for a refund within 30 days
of purchase for any reason.  To request a refund, you must contact
Likewise (via US Postal mail or email sales@likewise.com) and
identify the reason for your return.  Prior to receiving your refund,
you must certify in writing to Likewise that all copies of the Software,
or any portion thereof, have either been returned to Likewise or
otherwise destroyed or deleted from any of your computers or storage
devices.

  (b) Performance Warranty for Commercial Versions.  Likewise warrants
that Commercial Versions of the Software will perform substantially in
accordance with the documentation accompanying the Software for a period
of 90 days after receipt by you.  Likewise's entire liability and your
exclusive remedy for breach of this warranty will be, at Likewise's
option, either (a) refund of the license fee paid by you; or (b) repair
or replacement of the Software that does not meet this warranty and that
is returned to Likewise.  This limited warranty will be void if failure
of the Software has resulted from any accident, abuse, misuse, or
misapplication by you.  Replacement Software will be warranted for the
remainder of the original warranty period or 30 days, whichever is
longer.

12. NO OTHER WARRANTIES.  EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 11, THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS.  YOU ASSUME ALL
RESPONSIBILITIES FOR SELECTION OF THE SOFTWARE TO ACHIEVE YOUR INTENDED
RESULTS, AND FOR THE INSTALLATION OF, USE OF, AND RESULTS OBTAINED FROM
THE SOFTWARE.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
LIKEWISE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, QUALITY,
ACCURACY, TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE AND THE ACCOMPANYING WRITTEN MATERIALS.
THERE IS NO WARRANTY AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH THE ENJOYMENT OF THE
SOFTWARE OR AGAINST INFRINGEMENT.  THERE IS NO WARRANTY THAT THE
SOFTWARE OR LIKEWISE'S EFFORTS WILL FULFILL ANY OF YOUR PARTICULAR
PURPOSES OR NEEDS.

13. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL LIKEWISE BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION,
LOSS OF DATA OR OTHER SUCH PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR
INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF LIKEWISE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS ARE INDEPENDENT
OF THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDY PROVIDED IN SECTION 11 AND WILL APPLY
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF SUCH EXCLUSIVE REMEDY.  IN NO EVENT WILL
LIKEWISE'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT
EXCEED THE FEES PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE.  THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS
AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND DAMAGES WILL NOT APPLY TO CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES FOR PERSONAL INJURY.

14. Audit.  You must keep current, complete, and accurate records
regarding the reproduction, installation, and use of Software.  You will
provide such information to Likewise and certify that you have paid all
related fees within five business days of any written request, so long
as Likewise does not make more than three requests during any 12-month
period.  You will, after a two week prior notice from Likewise, provide
Likewise with reasonable access to your premises, records, and personnel
so that Likewise may audit and confirm that you comply with this
Agreement.  If an audit reveals any reproduction, installation, or use
of the Software that is not compliant with this Agreement, you will
promptly comply with this Agreement and pay the additional fees (at
Likewise's then-current rates) due plus interest at the rate of 1.5% per
month.  You will also promptly reimburse Likewise for its reasonable
costs of conducting the audit if the audit reveals any noncompliance.

15. Indemnification.  You will indemnify and hold harmless Likewise
(including all of its officers, employees, directors, subsidiaries,
representatives, affiliates, and agents) and Likewise's suppliers from
and against any damages (including attorney's fees and expenses),
claims, and lawsuits that arise or result from your use of the Software.

16. Trademarks.  Certain of the product and Likewise names used in this
Agreement, the Software may constitute trademarks of Likewise or third
parties.  You are not authorized to use any such trademarks.

17. Export Restrictions.  You may not export or re-export the Software
without complying with applicable export control laws and obtaining any
necessary permits and licenses.

18. Arbitration.  Except for the right of Likewise to apply to a court
of competent jurisdiction for a temporary restraining order, a
preliminary injunction, or other equitable relief to preserve the status
quo or prevent irreparable harm, any dispute as to the interpretation,
enforcement, breach, or termination of this Agreement will be settled by
binding arbitration in Seattle, Washington, U.S.A. under the Rules of
the American Arbitration Association by one arbitrator appointed in
accordance with the Rules.  All other disputes will be resolved by a
court specified in Section 19.  Judgment upon the award rendered by the
arbitrators may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.  The
prevailing party will be entitled to receive from the other party its
attorneys' fees and costs incurred in connection with any arbitration.

19. General.  This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of
Washington, without reference to its conflict of laws principles.
Except as set forth in Section 18, any dispute between you and Likewise
regarding this Agreement will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts located in King County, Washington in
connection with any action arising under this Agreement.  This Agreement
is the entire agreement between you and Likewise and supersedes any
other communications with respect to the Software.  If any provision of
this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this
Agreement will continue in full force and effect.
